7.1.1 known issues post GA (#5721)
RadeonOpenCompute/ROCm: RELEASE.md

These repeated kernel logs can clutter the system logs and may cause
unnecessary concern about GPU health. However, this is a non-functional issue
and does not affect AMD SMI functionality or GPU performance. This issue will
be fixed in a future ROCm release. See [GitHub issue #5720](https://github.com/ROCm/ROCm/issues/5720).

### Excessive bad page logs in AMD GPU Driver (amdgpu)

> Due to partial data corruption of Electrically Erasable Programmable Read-Only Memory (EEPROM) and limited error handling in the AMD GPU Driver(amdgpu), excessive log output might result when querying the reliability, availability, and serviceability (RAS) bad pages. This issue will be fixed in a future AMD GPU Driver(amdgpu) and ROCm release. See [GitHub issue #5719](https://github.com/ROCm/ROCm/issues/5719).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to partial data corruption in the Electrically Erasable Programmable Read-Only Memory (EEPROM) and limited error handling in the AMD GPU Driver (amdgpu), excessive log output might occur when querying the reliability, availability, and serviceability (RAS) bad pages. This issue will be fixed in a future AMD GPU Driver (amdgpu) and ROCm release. See [GitHub issue #5719](https://github.com/ROCm/ROCm/issues/5719).
```

### Incorrect results in gemm_ex operations for rocBLAS and hipBLAS

> Some `gemm_ex` operations with 8-bit input datatypes (`int8`, `float8`, `bfloat8`) for specific matrix dimensions (K = 1 and number of workgroup > 1) might yield in incorrect results. The issue results from incorrect tailoop code that fails to consider workgroup index when calculating valid element size. The issue will be fixed in a future ROCm release.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Some `gemm_ex` operations with 8-bit input datatypes (`int8`, `float8`, `bfloat8`) for specific matrix dimensions (K = 1 and number of workgroup > 1) might yield incorrect results. The issue results from incorrect tailoop code that fails to consider workgroup index when calculating valid element size. The issue will be fixed in a future ROCm release.
```

> Some `gemm_ex` operations with 8-bit input datatypes (`int8`, `float8`, `bfloat8`) for specific matrix dimensions (K = 1 and number of workgroup > 1) might yield in incorrect results. The issue results from incorrect tailoop code that fails to consider workgroup index when calculating valid element size. The issue will be fixed in a future ROCm release.

Reviewer 2: Confirm tailoop is correct.
